# Preparation Period

Fourth period is preparation period for Mr. Scrawl. He needs to complete several tasks including eating his lunch and grading the assignments just submitted by the students of his third period. The least important, but most enjoyable task is reading the news, articles, and other filler included in the school's tapework loop. They're just filler to avoid sending empty tape all through the school, but the school is large and so loop has plenty of capacity for important messages, especially on a calm day like today. So Mr. Scrawl has no problem finding several interesting headlines and articles somewhere in the loop.

One of the primary functions of the tapework feed is delivering messages from the rest of the faculty and staff of the school. He wants to be sure review those messages in case any of the items would benefit from a timely response. (Mr. Scrawl enjoys being helpful.) The tapework delivers the data of each item faster than any person could read. But all the messages and filler news data get encoded to the loop as new items arrive and older items are replaced. So to see all of the items, one needs to scan the entire loop. That takes several minutes of watching a data feed. Not an efficient use of time.

"Boros!" Mr. Scrawl chuckles to himself. He is young enough that the slang of his generation has not finished dying out. But he is old enough that the newest slang of his students is starting to sound silly.

He configures his tape terminal to read the tapeloop into a buffer in its memory. The local loop certainly does not have enough slack for all the teachers to leave their terminals looped in all the time. Their slack-management system includes indicators in all of the classrooms, so you can see if the system has enough slack to accommodate your terminal. Today the slack is minimal. He will still have to unthread after his preparation period.

He threads the loop, checks that it is filling the buffer correctly and then he gets down to grading the assignments. This way the loop cache will have plenty of messages and articles to enjoy while he eats his lunch.

He takes the first card and swipes it through the desk-mounted card reader. Then he curses himself for forgetting to first swipe in the grading key. When he allocated the message buffer, he left himself *just enough* memory to store the answer key and all of the assignments. So he looks up the start of the most recent swipe and resets the card reader to store swipes starting again at that address. Then he swipes in the answer key and gets on with it.

&#x2026;

He grades the submission of the last student, Then scans the loop cache, looking for urgent messages. There are no urgent messages for Mr. Scrawl. So he jumps back to the beginning of the cache and starts skimming through headlines and articles while he eats his afternoon snack.

&#x2026;

His snack and the days news wrap up together, which pleases Mr. Scrawl. He cleans up his lunch and starts unthreading the tapework, and that is when his fifth period class starts coming in.

Proti has Mr. Scrawl for fifth period math. Proti is one of the best students in his most advanced class. She often sits and watches as he fiddles with the tapework and his terminal. Mr. Scrawl feels just a hint of performance anxiety because Proti is not the only student watching as he fights with the tape loop.

Mr. Scrawl is able to finesse the stuck lever open with exactly enough force and the tape loop comes loose. Of course he feels relieved, but he thought he could hear the tiniest gasp/sigh from his "audience".

Proti gets a tiny thrill from the way the lever latches back into place and eight milliseconds later the tapework snaps to its normal taut but precisely slack state. Less satisfying is the slap/click of the clear plastic dust-cover.

Mr. Scrawl steps down and is perfectly composed by the time he turns around to face the class.

Proti and the students who were silently rooting for him to get the tape loop un-threaded groan loudly (maybe even theatrically) as he announces that today they will continue discussing bitwise operations on multi-byte words. She surprises herself with how bored she gets with such topics. She loves so many aspects of technology, but sometimes it can be !so! !tedious!

She knows that XOR is important, so she absorbs that part of the lesson quite readily. And, for such a tedious topic, her attention did not wander too much and class, and her school day, is soon over.

