# Meeting up with Hepi

"How was Mr. Scrawl?"

"Oh, you know&#x2026;"

Hepi nods knowingly. Proti guesses that Hepi doesn't know and is trying to hide that fact by nodding so knowingly.

The Mall Entrance is approximately one-hundred-fifty steps from the door to Mr. Scrawl's room. Being right after school on a Tuesday, there is a line of students waiting at the Mallowance kiosk which is located as close to the entrance as it can be while still allowing the mall gate to close at night.

"Do you have any credits left from last week?"

"Not really; more than zero, but not much more."

"I have six."

"Not bad, that is almost enough for an issue of *BITZ*."

"Yeah, with my Mallowance for this week, I should have enough for *BITZ* and a snack and still be ahead for next week."

"I only have two from last week. I need to be more frugal or we will not be able to get both sides of the new *Cassetémon* games when they come out."

"We could probably just get Side-A and then trade it in for Side-B later."

"But then only one of us can play at a time!"

"Meh. It's not a big deal. Is it?"

They had been playing *Cassetémon* since the first game and through all the new ones. Proti worries that Hepi is on the path to a very traditional teenhood, where every conversation circles back to crushes and who was dating who (whom?). Not that anything is wrong with romance—Proti had had a few feelings about some classmates—but so many kids spend so much time on it. And what do they get for all that effort? Passing cards in class, decoding them with friends at lunch, trying not to look too obviously at the other table&#x2026;

"What a hassle," Proti mutters.

Hepi did not realize that Proti was contemplating her teen-age years. She thought she was complaining about Hepi's suggestions about the *Cassetémon* video games,  "It's okay; we can get both. I was just thinking those games are kind of for kids."

She tilts her head, brow furrowed, "Proti? You there?"

"Huh? Oh. Yeah! Sorry."

"You okay?"

"Yeah, just thinking."

"Thinkos!" Hepi exclaims.

"Yeah!" They both laugh.

It was their turn at the kiosk. Proti likes to go first, she always hopes that Hepi will see how she swipes her card. Proti gets a good swipe on the first try every time. Most of the time. Eighty-six percent of the time. These stupid card readers are built with such wide tolerances. She knows that some of that tolerance makes it easy to get cards in. All cards are not the same thickness. Mallowance cards are for kids. What do kids know? And so those cards are cheap and thin. Any thinner and they would simply tear when you pulled them out of your wallet. Or bunch up if your swipe had too much push and not enough pull.

Most grown ups think that kids are just bad at swiping. But they swipe all day at school. And with their Mallowance, they might even shop more than their parents! It is true that most kids are careless and they are still acquiring fine motor control. But the problem is with the flimsy cards and the sloppy readers. It fills Proti with rage.

She swipes her less-flimsy ID card and the kiosk checks her number and verifies that she has not yet collected her Mallowance for this week. As it dispenses the flimsy card with her Mallowance credits, it records the fact that it has dispensed her Mallowance so she cannot collect it again later tonight.

There is a big common area past the mall entrance and Mallowance kiosk. Proti and Hepi find a space amid all the other kids and sit down to transfer their credits off the cheap Mallowance card.

They used to let you swipe your own card to collect your Mallowance. The machine still checked your ID, but then you would swipe whatever card you wanted to use to hold your credits. But the machine ate so many cards, or messed up in some other way, that they gave up and pre-loaded the machines with stacks of these cheap Mallowance cards.

Just one more little hassle.

There is actually nothing wrong with just spending the credits off the Mallowance card directly. Plenty of kids do. But those flimsy little cards drive Proti so far up the wall that Hepi actually insisted that they start performing this little ritual every week. It's not so bad, it gives them a chance to get more into a mall mood after school.

Open wallet.

Select the card that holds the .CREDIT TRANSFER. program.

The MAGiE prompts:

SWIPE CARD TO
LOAD PROGRAM

She swipes the card.

 CREDIT
TRANSFER
  v4.7

SWIPE CARD TO
LOAD CREDITS

She swipes her flimsy Mallowance card.

CONFIRM
AMOUNT

She types: .20. and presses enter.

Select your favorite credit card. Usually a commemorative card from a music festival, featuring the favorite band of the shopper. Currently, Proti is using a very sturdy plastic card that she has decorated herself. She does not even remember where she got it.

SWIPE CARD TO
STORE CREDITS

Swipe.

OK

CONFIRM
CURRENT
AMOUNT
ON CARD

She types: .2. and presses enter.

CONFIRM
TRANSFER
2 + 20

.22. enter

And they are off.

