# First *Signal Hut* then *The Newsstand*

Hepi wants to get to the *Newsstand*, but Proti argues that they should first stop at the *Signal Hut*.

"You always take **forever** there! We've seen **everything** they have. And you have several catalogs at home!"

Proti says, "I agree."

"It is unusual for you to agree with me."

Proti smiles at the kind chiding from her friend. "Yes. I do not intend to browse today. I want to get our signal lights!"

"Oh, those mini flash lights. Okay; they're cheap. We can go if you promise not to dawdle."

Proti solemnly raises her hand, "I hereby agree to the no-dawdle deal."

Hepi grins, "deal."

They buy the flashlights which cost one credit each. Hepi says she wants to save her money. The whole plan was to signal to *each other*. Proti sighs, and buys two lights herself. If Hepi doesn't want to learn Morse code to blink secret messages, then perhaps Proti can convince someone else to use the other light.

It is called the "news stand", but it is not a *stand.* It is more like a regular mall store, where you walk in from the&#x2026; sidewalk? Walk street? *"Concourse"*? But because the news stand's business is providing information on magnetic cards in exchange for money, they don't let the customers handle the merchandise until they have paid for it. So all of the magazines and newspapers are behind the counter. Only gum, candy bars, etc. are out for customers to bring to the register. In this way, the news stand differs quite a bit from most of the stores at the mall. Proti has seen news stands in old TV shows and movies, so she knows what the name means, so she does not complain about the small size of the store. And the store seems like one of the oldest at the mall. Who knows how old the oldest store in the mall is? How old is the mall? It seems older than the school or the apartments. Is it older than Proti? Maybe.

They will purchase their magazines as stacks of fairly cheep magstripe cards, bound into a booklet with what seems like the same gum glue they use for notepads. So you can pull out the cards and trade them with your friends, or use them to store extra long assignments.

Proti and Hepi walk through the browsing section where they have printouts of the first couple paragraphs of each magazine on display under plastic windows. If you didn't know what you wanted, this would be a nice way to pick out a book or magazine. But Proti and Hepi already know what they want, so they go straight to the counter where there are already a couple of people in line.

When it is their turn, Hepi is excited to ask for the new issue of *BITZ* magazine. *BITZ* is a younger spin-off of the very popular *BYTEZ* magazine. Both magazines are, as Proti’s dad says, “heavy on the teen, light on the bytes.” Which is to say that they focus much more on pop culture and entertainment. But tech is so pervasive these days that even mainstream magazines like these include some decent tech content. Every third month, *BITZ* includes a very informative column focused on mag-stripe tech. But not this month, so Proti is excited for the new issue of *Goofball* magazine.

*Goofball* magazine is considered a humor magazine, and that’s why Proti even looked at it in the first place all those years back. She gets more of the jokes now. And just like everything, it includes tech content. Lots of little cartoons about how nothing ever works and everything is always **slightly** broken. But almost every month there a nice, long article about some elaborate MAGiE-based prank at a school or some student’s heroic hack to fix their school’s kludge of a system.

The stories are funny, of course, but also surprisingly informative. They’re so deeply technical that Proti really didn’t understand the details for a long time. She just enjoyed the great stories and quickly grew to admire the anti-heroes and identify with them. The articles inevitably include a weird “moral of the story” grafted on to the end of the article. They’re your basic “don’t try this at home, kids!” But they’re often tailored to the article, which is actually kind of cool.

The embarrassing kluge-fix epilogues are the weirdest. They always point out that the students were part of the school’s sanctioned tech club and therefore were permitted to interact with the systems. And you should never try to access your school’s systems on your own. Proti can never figure out why they don’t just include those details in the story in the first place.

The prank stories are more fun anyway, and their epilogues are usually more like, “the school authorities knew that they were just joking around and so they only had to do some community service instead of going to school jail.” The cool thing about the morals of these stories is that they match the tone of the article better. Like the authors know they are writing about a tricky situation, so they cover their bases a little bit better. On top of that, they often include a hint or two about how the pranksters got caught.

Proti guesses that the hazy details are included to warn kids that they’d better not try anything because someone is always watching and you’re sure to get caught. She even thinks that the original authors include more details that are removed or at least blurred-out by the editors to avoid giving away too many secrets. But there’s usually some term or idea that Proti can tell is something she should know about. She keeps a list of **Things to Learn** so she can one day become one of these ninja hacker mages that fix things under the dark cover of night.

The register is so old that you don't even swipe your card, you *insert* it. Proti guesses this is how the first card readers worked. You put your card in a few millimeters to wake up the machine. When it senses your card, some kind of rollers pull the card in. The first time Proti saw this, she held on to her card instinctively and the machine pulled the card in with such force that Proti was left with a little torn-off tab between her thumb and finger. Hepi is happy to let the robot in the register swipe the card from her so she won't mess it up and get another glare from Proti.

The cashier holds the pad of colorful extra-tall cards that contain the new issue of *BITZ*. Hepi is staring at the magazine in the hand of the cashier. After a couple of seconds, she realizes that she was looking at the magazine, waiting for the cashier to hand it to her. But she does not hand it over. Instead of the success bing, the machine had made the failure bong. The clerk scoffs at Hepi, assuming that the card of Hepi lacks sufficient credits. Perhaps this is a conditioned response to tweens at the mall. Perhaps the clerk is not a Resident of The Mall, and therefore does not look forward to Mallowance Day the same way that Hepi and Proti do.

Proti is sure that the problem is with the old register. Sure enough, the clerk soon decodes the error code to find out that it indicates a read error. Hepi waits while the clerk reconfigures the register to try the transfer again. Proti just fumes.

Hepi and the store clerk are able to transfer the funds on the second try. This is just the kind of situation in which Proti would then be able to exercise great care in swiping her card. But with this old insert-style reader, it is out of her hands.

"*Goofball* magazine, please," Proti states.

The clerk gives a tired nod and turns around to pull the latest issue of *Goofball* from a dispenser with the logo of the magazine on it.

Proti inserts her card and they all hear the bong.

The clerk has had enough. She swipes a card through the telephone base as she picks up the handset to call maintenance. This is going to take forever.

But actually, the maintenance technician arrives in mere moments. He is quite proficient and swaps out the cash register’s card reader lickety-split! Proti surmises that things go differently when credits are involved. He dumps the broken reader into the trash bot that followed him in. If there are trash bots at Proti’s school, she never sees them. She is weirdly fascinated by the bot as she notices that it looks like little more than a mop bot with a trash can glued on top.

Before she knows what has happened, the trash bot is gone and the frazzled store clerk asks for her card to complete the purchase. The card was left in the reader when the janitor threw it out.

Proti dashes after the trash bot.

